README.md, before:

# Nemo

## About

Nemo is a programming language written entirely in C. It uses Flex and Bison as its lexer and parser.
Nemo is a interpreted, scripting language, dynamically and weakly typed.

## Installing

To install Nemo, just obtain the sources and run old good `make`. So far, it's not to be "installed", it just compiles and just is.
You could also run tests, by typing `make test`, just to make sure it works.

## Comments

Nemo supports same set of comments as C.

Multiline `/* ... */` and oneline `// ...`.

## Types

So far Nemo supports integers, floats and strings.

## Variables

Note: in Nemo there's no declaring.

### Dollar

Those plain-old variables start with a dollar sign, eg. `$very_meaningful_variable_name`.

### Exclamation

If a variable starts with a `!` sign, it means it's read-only. You can set it only once, and can't change it's value later on.

## Strings

So far, strings get casted to integers only. The rule of casting is pretty
simple. Every number found in the string, gets to be in the integer. Everything
else is discarded.

Examples:

`"99 bottles of beer"` will get casted to `99`    
`"99 bottles of beer on the wall, take 1 down and pass it around"` will get
casted to `991`    
`"no more bottles of beer on the wall"` will get casted to `0`

## Booleanism

In Nemo, there is no `bool` type. Like in C/Perl, `0`, `0.0` and an empty string `""` is false, the rest is true.

## Operators

Nemo supports few operators. Here is a list of them:

### Mathematical

`+`, `-`, `*`, `/` and `%`

__Note:__ division operator always returns a float, and modulo operator always returns an integer.

### Assignment

Each mathematical operator has its assignment operation, like in C/Perl.

`+=`, `-=`, `*=`, `/=` and `%=`

### Logical

`<`, `>`, `>=`, `<=`, `==` and `!=`

`lt`, `gt`, `ge`, `le`, `eq` and `ne`

__Note:__ in both cases (like with `>` and `gt`) they are exactly the same.

### String specific

`.` - concatention, pretty straight-forward

### Unary

`+`, `-`, `++` and `--`

## Statements

In Nemo statements end with a semicolon. Like in C.

## Functions

In Nemo function calls must alway include parenthesis.
Also, if function takes 2 arguments, you must pass 2 of them, otherwise an error
would be shown. One exception is the `print` function. You can specify as many
as you want.

### Predefined

Nemo, so far, has two predefined functions.

#### `print`

Will print any given parameter.

#### `assert`

If you pass 1 parameter, it will check if it's true. If it's false, it will exit the whole script.
If you pass 2 parameters, it will check if they are equal. If they are not, it will exit.

### Userdefined

Basic syntax: `FUN name ARGS block`

If `ARGS` is empty, it means function doesn't take any parameters. If it takes,
specify them, and separate with commas, if there's more than one.

Examples:

    fun hello {
      print("hello, world");
    }

    fun print_one $a {
      print($a);
    }

    fun add $a, $b {
      return $a + $b;
    }

__Note:__ if an argument is an exclamation variable (like `!blerh`) you won't be able
to change it's value inside of the function.

## Control structures

### If

Basic syntax: `IF expr stmt`

Examples:

    if $a < 10
      $a++;

    if $b == 20 {
      $b = 30;
      $c = 40;
    }

### While

Basic syntax: `WHILE expr stmt`

Examples:

    while $d < 10 {
      $d++;
      $e += $d;
    }

### For

Basic syntax: `FOR expr; expr; expr stmt`

Examples:

    $a = 0;

    for $a = 0; $a < 10; $a++
      print($a);

## Iters

### Times

Nemo supports so-called iters. Well, it's only one of it, but still. The one that we've got is a 'times' iter.

Basic syntax: `expr TIMES stmt`

Examples:

    2 times {
      $a += 10;
    }

Basically, 'times' iter is gonna execute `stmt` `expr` times. Pretty simple.

One thing, that's worth mentioning: if `stmt` is a block, not a single statement, there will be created two special variables inside of it:
`$+` and `$-`. As the loops go, `$+` will start from `0` and will get bigger, till `expr - 1`, and `$-` the other way round. So, given:

    10 times {
      print($+);
    }

It will print:

    0
    1
    2
    3
    4
    5
    6
    7
    8
    9

If it was `$-` instead of `$+`, the output would be from `9` to `0`.

__Note:__ `expr` is being casted to int, so if `expr` is, say, `2.5`, it's gonna be casted to 2.

Commit message:

Make `eq` and `ne` be for strings.

README.md, after:

# Nemo

## About

Nemo is a programming language written entirely in C. It uses Flex and Bison as its lexer and parser.
Nemo is a interpreted, scripting language, dynamically and weakly typed.

## Installing

To install Nemo, just obtain the sources and run old good `make`. So far, it's not to be "installed", it just compiles and just is.
You could also run tests, by typing `make test`, just to make sure it works.

## Comments

Nemo supports same set of comments as C.

Multiline `/* ... */` and oneline `// ...`.

## Types

So far Nemo supports integers, floats and strings.

## Variables

Note: in Nemo there's no declaring.

### Dollar

Those plain-old variables start with a dollar sign, eg. `$very_meaningful_variable_name`.

### Exclamation

If a variable starts with a `!` sign, it means it's read-only. You can set it only once, and can't change it's value later on.

## Strings

So far, strings get casted to integers only. The rule of casting is pretty
simple. Every number found in the string, gets to be in the integer. Everything
else is discarded.

Examples:

`"99 bottles of beer"` will get casted to `99`    
`"99 bottles of beer on the wall, take 1 down and pass it around"` will get
casted to `991`    
`"no more bottles of beer on the wall"` will get casted to `0`

## Booleanism

In Nemo, there is no `bool` type. Like in C/Perl, `0`, `0.0` and an empty string `""` is false, the rest is true.

## Operators

Nemo supports few operators. Here is a list of them:

### Mathematical

`+`, `-`, `*`, `/` and `%`

__Note:__ division operator always returns a float, and modulo operator always returns an integer.

### Assignment

Each mathematical operator has its assignment operation, like in C/Perl.

`+=`, `-=`, `*=`, `/=` and `%=`

### Logical

`<`, `>`, `>=`, `<=`, `==` and `!=`

### String specific

`.` - concatention, pretty straight-forward

`ne` and `eq` - check for (non-)equality of strings

(`lt`, `gt`, `ge`, `le` are not yet implemented)

### Unary

`+`, `-`, `++` and `--`

## Statements

In Nemo statements end with a semicolon. Like in C.

## Functions

In Nemo function calls must alway include parenthesis.
Also, if function takes 2 arguments, you must pass 2 of them, otherwise an error
would be shown. One exception is the `print` function. You can specify as many
as you want.

### Predefined

Nemo, so far, has two predefined functions.

#### `print`

Will print any given parameter.

#### `assert`

If you pass 1 parameter, it will check if it's true. If it's false, it will exit the whole script.
If you pass 2 parameters, it will check if they are equal. If they are not, it will exit.

### Userdefined

Basic syntax: `FUN name ARGS block`

If `ARGS` is empty, it means function doesn't take any parameters. If it takes,
specify them, and separate with commas, if there's more than one.

Examples:

    fun hello {
      print("hello, world");
    }

    fun print_one $a {
      print($a);
    }

    fun add $a, $b {
      return $a + $b;
    }

__Note:__ if an argument is an exclamation variable (like `!blerh`) you won't be able
to change it's value inside of the function.

## Control structures

### If

Basic syntax: `IF expr stmt`

Examples:

    if $a < 10
      $a++;

    if $b == 20 {
      $b = 30;
      $c = 40;
    }

### While

Basic syntax: `WHILE expr stmt`

Examples:

    while $d < 10 {
      $d++;
      $e += $d;
    }

### For

Basic syntax: `FOR expr; expr; expr stmt`

Examples:

    $a = 0;

    for $a = 0; $a < 10; $a++
      print($a);

## Iters

### Times

Nemo supports so-called iters. Well, it's only one of it, but still. The one that we've got is a 'times' iter.

Basic syntax: `expr TIMES stmt`

Examples:

    2 times {
      $a += 10;
    }

Basically, 'times' iter is gonna execute `stmt` `expr` times. Pretty simple.

One thing, that's worth mentioning: if `stmt` is a block, not a single statement, there will be created two special variables inside of it:
`$+` and `$-`. As the loops go, `$+` will start from `0` and will get bigger, till `expr - 1`, and `$-` the other way round. So, given:

    10 times {
      print($+);
    }

It will print:

    0
    1
    2
    3
    4
    5
    6
    7
    8
    9

If it was `$-` instead of `$+`, the output would be from `9` to `0`.

__Note:__ `expr` is being casted to int, so if `expr` is, say, `2.5`, it's gonna be casted to 2.
